1 Nephi 1:1
 1 I, Nephi, having been born of goodly parents, therefore I was
taught somewhat in all the learning of my father; and having seen
many afflictions in the course of my days, nevertheless, having
been highly favored of the Lord in all my days; yea, having had a
great knowledge of the goodness and the mysteries of God,
therefore I make a record of my proceedings in my days.
%
1 Nephi 1:2
 2 Yea, I make a record in the language of my father, which
consists of the learning of the Jews and the language of the
Egyptians.
%
1 Nephi 1:3
 3 And I know that the record which I make is true; and I make it
with mine own hand; and I make it according to my knowledge.
%
Enos 1:1
 1 Behold, it came to pass that I, Enos, knowing my father that
he was a just man--for he taught me in his language, and also in
the nurture and admonition of the Lord--and blessed be the name
of my God for it--
%
Enos 1:2
 2 And I will tell you of the wrestle which I had before God,
before I received a remission of my sins.
%
Enos 1:3
 3 Behold, I went to hunt beasts in the forests; and the words
which I had often heard my father speak concerning eternal life,
and the joy of the saints, sunk deep into my heart.
%
Enos 1:4
 4 And my soul hungered; and I kneeled down before my Maker, and
I cried unto him in mighty prayer and supplication for mine own
soul; and all the day long did I cry unto him; yea, and when the
night came I did still raise my voice high that it reached the
heavens.
%
Enos 1:5
 5 And there came a voice unto me, saying: Enos, thy sins are
forgiven thee, and thou shalt be blessed.
%
Enos 1:6
 6 And I, Enos, knew that God could not lie; wherefore, my guilt
was swept away.
%
Enos 1:7
 7 And I said: Lord, how is it done?
%
Enos 1:8
 8 And he said unto me: Because of thy faith in Christ, whom thou
hast never before heard nor seen.  And many years pass away
before he shall manifest himself in the flesh; wherefore, go to,
thy faith hath made thee whole.
%
Enos 1:9
 9 Now, it came to pass that when I had heard these words I began
to feel a desire for the welfare of my brethren, the Nephites;
wherefore, I did pour out my whole soul unto God for them.
%
Enos 1:10
 10 And while I was thus struggling in the spirit, behold, the
voice of the Lord came into my mind again, saying: I will visit
thy brethren according to their diligence in keeping my
commandments.  I have given unto them this land, and it is a holy
land; and I curse it not save it be for the cause of iniquity;
wherefore, I will visit thy brethren according as I have said;
and their transgressions will I bring down with sorrow upon their
own heads.
%
